Fix typos in Recording installed packages spec (#1266)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/recording-installed-packages.rst

Python runtime providers may also prevent inadvertent modification of platform
provided packages by modifying the default Python package installation scheme

> to use a location other than that used by distribution packages (while also

Reviewer: This isn't a typo, and should say "platform provided" here.

> to use a location other than that used by distribution packages (while also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to use a location other than that used by platform provided packages (while also
```
